// Nukem Ipsum random sentences

1. The term "tested in an ABM mode" used in Article II of the Treaty refers to: (a) an ABM interceptor missile if while guided by an ABM radar it has intercepted a strategic ballistic missile or its elements in flight trajectory regardless of whether such intercept was successful or not; or if an ABM interceptor missile has been launched from an ABM launcher and guided by an ABM radar. If ABM interceptor missiles are given the capability to carry out interception without the use of ABM radars as the means of guidance, application of the term "tested in an ABM mode" to ABM interceptor missiles in that event shall be subject to additional discussion and agreement in the Standing Consultative Commission; (b) an ABM launcher if it has been used for launching an ABM interceptor missile; (c) an ABM radar if it has tracked a strategic ballistic missile or its elements in flight trajectory and guided an ABM interceptor missile toward them regardless of whether the intercept was successful or not; or tracked and guided an ABM interceptor missile; or tracked a strategic ballistic missile or its elements in flight trajectory in conjunction with an ABM radar, which is tracking a strategic ballistic missile or its elements in flight trajectory and guiding an ABM interceptor missile toward them or is tracking and guiding an ABM interceptor missile.

2. EWO launch: If sequence does not start after coordinated key turn, refer to Fig 2-1 and Notify command post of type deviation, ETOR, and intent to perform TCCPS; Post ETOR to EWO documents.

3. (For classified information on the RV, refer to the 11N series Technical Orders.)

4. Here's my strategry on the Cold War: we win, they lose.

5. The only thing that kept the Cold War cold was the mutual deterrance afforded by nuclear weapons. 

6. Sixteen hours ago an American airplane dropped one bomb on Hiroshima... The force from which the sun draws it's powers has been loosed against those who brough the war in the Far East.

7. The weapons of war must be abolished before they abolish us.

8. Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.

9. The safety and arming devices are acceleration-type, arming-delay devices that prevent accidental warhead detonation.

10. The immediate fireball reaches temperatures in the ranges of tens of millions of degrees, ie, as hot as the interior temperatures of the sun.

11. In a typical nuclear detonation, because the fireball is so hot, it immediately begins to rise in altitude.  As it rises, a vacuum effect is created under the fireball, and air that had been pushed away from the detonation rushes back toward the fireball, causing an upward flow of air and dust that follows it.

12. The RV/G&C van is used to transport and remove/replace the RV and the MGS for the MM II weapon system.

13. Computer components include a VAX 11/750 main computer, an Intel 80186 CPU in the buffer, and the Ethernet LAN which connects the buffer with the main computer. 

14. The Specific Force Integrating Receiver (SFIR) is one of the instruments within the IMU of the Missile G&C Set (MGCS) which measures velocity along three orthogonal axes.

15. The SFIR incorporates a pendulous integrating gyro having a specific mass unbalance along the spin axis, and provides correction rates to the Missile Electronics Computer Assembly (MECA) which provides ouputs to the different direction control units resulting in control of the missile flight.

16. SAC has directed that all VAFB flight test systems and the PK LSS will be compatible with the SAC ILSC requirement.

17. The ground shock accompanying the blast is nullified in the control center by a three-level, steel, shock-isolation cage, which is supported by eight shock mounts hung from the domed roof.

18. (Prior to MCL 3252) Fixed vapor sensing equipment consists of an oxidizer vapor detector, a fuel vapor detector, a vapor detector annunciator panel, and associated sensing devices located throughout the silo area.

19. The LAUNCH CONTROL AND MONITOR section contains switches to lock out the system, select a target, initiate a lunch, shutdown and reset.

20. The CMG-1 chassis contains the logic required to control launch.

21. Attention turned to the Nike X concept, a layered system with more than one type of missile.

22. At this point a fight broke out between the Air Force and Army over who had precedence to develop land-based ABM systems.

23. It is such a big explosion, it can smash in buildings and knock signboards over, and break windows all over town, but if you duck and cover, like Bert [the Turtle], you will be much safer.

24. I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.

25. The living will envy the dead.

26. Frequent fear of nuclear war in adolescents seems to be an indicator for an increased risk for common mental disorders and deserves serious attention.

27. The Peacekeeper was the first U.S. ICMB to use cold launch technology.

28. The Protocol to the Agreement with regard to Article III, entitled the United States to have no more than 710 SLBM launchers on 44 modern ballistic missile submarines, and the USSR, no more than 950 SLBM launchers on 62 submarines.

29. I'd pee on a spark plug if you thought it would help.

30. Do you want to play a game?


